And Hampton number 86.
Loves it. There's the big fella six five two
hundred forty two pounds. What a football player
is great quickness and very strong upper body. So
he's he's in position to do his job just by standing
there reacts to the ball as Curtis Dickey tries to
go outside as nowhere city right out there. down
nineteen seven with six thirty five to go third
quarter the Yankees are going to go for it fourth
down and three
Mosley wants it quiet Vince Buckley says come on
folks get the chance to hear the signals it's kind
of a courageous tactical decision right here Vern
I tell you they're barely inside hog territory and
we still got a bunch of time left in this football
game do you agree with the decision I'll tell you
after they execute
It's all right to do it away from home. Yeah, that's
right. It's so much easier up here, isn't it? Yes.
Fourth down and three. Mosley, pitch out. Dickey.
Get outside. Close. Very, very close.
This is basic. The basic power sweep out of the eye.
Quick pitch. Lead around the corner. Kick out by
the fullback. Didn't have to kick out. This is
great speed. A guy can run a 6'1", 60. He can go for
first downs around the corner. Now then, do you
agree with the decision? If I had Curtis Dickey to
throw the ball to, I do. Well, it worked. They got
the first down. That's really a courageous
decision by Tom Wilson. Dickey, 77 yards for the
day. First down, Ted, at the 44-yard line. You
cannot
return the bubble. You cannot advance a bubble and
hit the ground. Larry Jackson has it but he's just
going for a stroll in the park. They're going to
bring it all the way back to the forty three
twenty might as well give it a whirl. Yeah if he were
a freshman we might excuse him because in high
school they can pick him up and run with him. So it's
the same play the other way. The power toss outside
a lot of penetration. But Curtis Dickey turns the
corner. He's got the ball rather loosely there. He
got to put it away. He's transferring from his
right to his left hand. It got away from him. That
was Marty Mitchum, number 56, the defensive end,
who forced the fumble. It's first down 10
Arkansas. Green almost offside. And off balance
up near the 50. Jacob Green made the tackle. It's
Cal Cagney rather, not Collins. And three
turnovers for A&M now. Two fumble recoveries, or
two fumbles lost, and one pass intercepted. Well,
it let down after that very courageous decision to
go for it on fourth and four, and then the next play
to have a turnover, and a lot of the psychological
advantage has been lost. Second down three at the
49 of Texas A&M. Bold birth for one of these teams,
for sure. Left side. handoff goes to Ben Collins
gets close for the first down at the forty six
Eugene Sanders number ninety six and Doug Carr
number ninety three with the tackle it was seven
nothing Texas A&M early in the game Turnover led to
a touchdown. Arkansas tied it up 7-7. Ish Ordonez
kicked two field goals in the second quarter to run
the count to 13-7. And then a touchdown by the
Razorbacks in the third quarter gives them the
current 19-7 edge. Bobby Duckworth comes wide to
the right side all the way off the field of play as a
matter of fact. The double tight end set. Charles
Clay and Tim Adams in the tight ends. Clay tight
right. Cal Cagney keeping. Spinning down at the
45. He got the first down 10. Doug Carr with the
tackle. That's a pattern that's been repeated so
often by Cal Cagney. His third and short are near
the goal line. He's not going to pitch the
football. Now you have to come out if you ruin your
jersey. New rule in college football this year.
You must come out if you have the tearaway jersey
torn away. So Kevin Scanlon is on a quarterback.
Scanlon, number 14, was in for one play earlier.
Transferred from North Carolina State. He is from
Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania. He's a junior. And he
holds all of Joe Namath's old high school records
at that school. Pitch out right side. Michael
Forrest take a look at Jacob Green and say hello.
Number 77.
You know Vern talking about those tearaway
jerseys some people say well he should have had a
tearaway on when he gets sacked right here. But
this is so typical a defensive line for the Aggies.
It makes it deep penetration in their moves and
make a little slant move penetrate the gaps and
then get those losses on their stats. Second down
15 back at midfield at the 50-yard line with 3.54 to
go third quarter. Cal Cagney back in there. Good
block left side on Eddie Heath. He's going deep. Up
in the air for Gary Stiggers. Almost intercepted.
Kenneth Taylor, who has two interceptions this
year. The last one against SMU a couple of weeks
back. And Gary Stiggers with 9.7 speed. Down that
far sideline. It'll be third down and 15. Often
said, Vern, that one of the most exciting things in
college football is the long incomplete. And that
shows it. There's a lot of tension here. Good pass
defense. Good position. Good body position.
Almost a great play. Was a great play. It's third
down 15. Two wide receivers wide left. Bobby
Duckworth and Donnie Bobo. Cal Cagney looking
that direction. Fires short. One hopper to Bobby
Duckworth. at the thirty-five yard line. So Ron
Calcagne will come over to the bench and Bruce
Leahy comes on to punt. Calcagne for the day now six
out of fifteen for sixty-six yards. And Adger
Armstrong will go back to receive the punt. So
Arkansas for the first time today unable to
convert the turnover into a score. There are two
touchdowns. Both follow turnovers. Adger
Armstrong waits for Leahy's punt. Left footed
kicker. Great kick. Super kick. He takes it. No
fair catch.
A forty-four yard kick. One yard on the return.
Three minutes, thirty-two seconds remaining
third quarter. Arkansas leads nineteen to seven.
1962 graduate of Corsicana High School. 1966
graduate of Texas Tech where he was an
all-conference quarterback. The head coach at
A&M, Tom Wilson. His team first down 10. Hand off.
David Brothers out across the 10 to the 11-yard
line. They have miles and miles to go before they
get back in it. Other scores around the country
this afternoon. Michigan over Purdue at
halftime. 17-0. Big one coming up for the
Wolverines. Ohio State next week. Notre Dame
leading Georgia Tech by 17 in the second quarter.
Pittsburgh has taken a lead over Army by seven.
Second quarter score. And Syracuse on top of
Boston College now, 21-7. It's second down,
seven. Texas A&M at the 11-yard line. 19-7, they
are trailing. Mosley pitches out to Dickey, comes
left, gets a block from brothers up near the 15.
He'll be three yards short of the first down. Mike
Massey made the tackle number 48. Continue to
update you on other scores from around the
country. Holy Cross over Rutgers 14-10 in the
second quarter. Colgate leading Delaware by two.
Second quarter score and Mississippi over
Tennessee 10-7 in the second. Florida State leads
Navy 17-6 third quarter. And South Carolina over
Wake Forest 14 nothing. Second quarter score.
Ohio State Indiana got a brief glimpse of that.
It's third down and three. 7-7 Ohio State Indiana.
Here's Mosley on the roll. Going right. Being
chased. Pulls up. Let's it go. No good. Vaughn must
be defending.
We've got a great shot of the rollout pass that Mike
Mosley rolls to his right into the strength of the
hog defense zone. He's pressured deep has to
really roll deeper than he wanted to it and that
slowed up the timing. He delivers the ball
accurately but the timing was a little late so we
don't get the inbounds catch. Nice effort by Doug
Teague on that far side but it did not did not count.
What's the pressure. David Appleby. Are they
coming. Not this time. Appleby pretty good kick.
Vaughn Lesby waits for it at the thirty nine. Good
downfield coverage. But Lesby gets away from one.
Can't get away from the second.
And Arkansas gets it back after that forty six yard
punt.
They've got the return on. And so they they hold up
the punt coverage team. And Lesby does a good job of
feeling the ball. But the defense recovers. He
does not get away from them. Vaughn Lesby. And it's
first down 10 Arkansas at the 35 yard line. 19-7
Razorbacks lead. Split backfield. Cal Cagney
pitches back to Ben Cowens. He gets a great block
but a nice defensive play by Kenneth Taylor off of
that block and they force Cowens wide left. He gets
up to the 40 yard line. coming up Monday night a
dandy Monday night football game the Miami
Dolphins eight and three visit the Houston Oilers
and the Oilers having one of their best seasons
they're seven and four with Earl Campbell a
Heisman Trophy winner of a year ago in the
backfield Miami of course features Delvin
Williams one of the great running backs and
that'll be Monday night over most of these
stations and of course this afternoon following
the completion of our game USC and Southern Cal USC
and Southern Cal not quite UCLA and Southern Cal
yeah I don't think they'll play it that way. Here's
Cal Cagney right side. Caught after a gain of one by
Doug Carr. Number ninety-three. It'll be third
down four. One forty-three to go. Third quarter. I
think the Aggies changed up their base defense
that time. They're keying on Cal Cagney because
he's the player who has really hurt them. One of the
fifty-four thousand who are here in Razorback
Stadium. And a hornet just flew into our broadcast
booth. Trying to tell you something. I know it.
Keep away from that fella. on the third down effort
Michael Forrest with the ball but caught short and
Bruce Leahy will come on to
play as Bruce Leahy who has done a good job this
afternoon as he ever and we will have funeral
services for the Hornet here at the end of three
quarters of play the Hornets gone folks Fair catch
at your Armstrong 16 yard line. The Green Hornet
has been struck. Glad to see that fella go south.
I'll tell you a 40 yard punt. Forty nine seconds to
go. Third quarter. Nineteen seven. Arkansas
leads it and the Aggies have been unable to move.
Here in the third quarter. Well, we've got
USC-UCLA this afternoon and a tremendous weekend
of college football next week. Pittsburgh-Penn
State live Friday afternoon, 1 o'clock Eastern
time. And two more games on Saturday that we'll
talk about here shortly. Here's Mosley back to
throw. Across the middle, tight end. McKeska
can't hang on to this one. Looked like he was a
little off balance.
Mosley now four out of nine. For the year, or for the
day. And there's Tom Wilson once again. He and his
wife, Dawn. Let's go, Connor! parents of two
children was on the staff at Texas Tech for eight
years up until nineteen seventy four and then went
to A&M as the offensive coordinator
it's second down and ten draw play Dickey nice play
defensively by Dale White number eighty seven
because Dickey I think saw a lot of room and thought
he might go for a bunch It'll be scary. Anytime he
gets the ball and gets the line of scrimmage, you
think he could pop it all away. Could well be the
last play of the third quarter now. Mike Mosley,
sophomore quarterback.
20 seconds to go. 19-7. Third and seven at the 20.
Mosley, four out of nine for 57 yards. Draw play,
Dickey. Try to get outside. Jackson chases.
Dickey may have the first down. Larry Jackson
caught up with him number 66 but Dickie did indeed
keep the drive going with the first down 10 and the
clock stops on the first down play with two seconds
remaining in the third quarter. Tom Wilson did a
great job there, I think, at calling that play. He
repeated the play to a good running back, and he
made the first down. That's the end of the third
quarter with the score Arkansas 19-7. Back for
fourth quarter action after this message and a
word from our local stations. Picks up six. Vern
Lundquist and Ben Martin, former Air Force
Academy head coach. as some changes have been made
in the offensive line. Third quarter stats, Ben.
Oh, that tells it all because Arkansas definitely
has been dominating since the first 15 minutes.
And first downs and yardage, total yardage,
keeping the ball on them. Turnover's the key.
Three turnovers for Texas A&M. Arkansas has
played flawless football. High formation on
second down. Hand off, Dickey. Caught behind the
line and dropped. Dale White, the nose guard.
21-year-old senior from Benton, Arkansas,
number 87. It will be third down, seven. and the
cadets are four out of ten on third down
conversions have not had all that much success
largely due to those 11 guys you're looking at
right there arkansas turns their nose guard loose
a lot whether it be white or if it be a jimmy walker
there's the master of the one-liners lou holtz
amateur magician and uh very funny fella arkansas
head coach here's mosley back to throw pops it out
for his tight end mckeska 40 45 first down 10 at the
47 yard line Russell McKeska. Not used as much of a
receiver until the change into the I formation.
Take a real good look at the basic tight end
crossing underneath against the flow as Mosley
goes left plants and throws back in his tight end.
Russ McKeska coming across underneath the grain.
He fooled the linebackers completely. First down
ten at the forty seven. Arkansas defensing that
high formation of Texas A&M. Mosley going left.
Being chased now by Dan Hampton and gets around him
up and out of bounds into the A&M bench in Arkansas
country. Jerry Saxton, the defensive end number
47, chased him over there. Mosley did not start
last year as a freshman until the final two games of
the year. David Walker was the starting
quarterback. But he was named offensive player of
the game in the televised game that the Aggies had
against Houston last year. And he was also our
offensive player of the game two weeks ago against
SMU. And Ben and I will be selecting the
outstanding offensive and defensive players
here before the ball game is over for Chevrolet.
Second down, Mosley, draw play. Dickey, left
side. Close for the first down at the 42. Jerry
Saxton again made the tackle. And Curtis Dickey is
closing in on a 100-yard day. Curtis Dickey he can
do it all this kind of play out of the affirmation
it's really built for his ability to explode gets
the ball on a delay play finds a crack of daylight
and then really accelerates through that
daylight to get some very vital yardage he's now
picked up ninety four yards on twenty three
carries and got the first down ten at the forty two
thirteen thirty four to go in the ballgame really
vital for them to get something in and get it on the
board they really do burn or it's all over And of
course bowl representatives are here. The
invites can go out at six o'clock local time
tonight. Mosley back in trouble being chased by
Jerry Jim Howard and caught by Jim Howard. Six to
defensive end a junior from Denver Colorado.
Defense is really fired up, and they can sense the
momentum going against them, and they're going to
make something happen as they really get a quick
rush into that backfield. They felt it was going to
be a pass play, so they kind of laid their ears back
and went after it. Jimmy Walker on a blitz move to
the inside. He picks up three blockers, and that
allows Howard to get loose and make the loss.
Second down and 20. Mosley 5 out of 10 for 75.
Carter left side they fake the draw play rolling to
his right goes deep across the middle catch Joe
Carter first down thirty one. Carter with his
first catch of the day six to one hundred sixty
eight pound junior for Brian Texas got a little
misdirection in the backfield comes off a sprint
draw counter play rolls no penetration this time
has a lot of time to hit the crossing man that's a
fine leaping catch by Carter. as he came from his
split position far side of the field they rolled
into the short side this is a tough throw back
against the grain a leaping catch that's what they
need to do first down 10 at the 31 of Arkansas A&M
with his most sustained drive in the second half
Curtis Dickey caught up the line and dropped Jimmy
Walker all-conference player the last two years
defensive tackle number 75 Not a big guy, really.
Six foot, 232 pounds. He is so quick and he's so low
to the ground, he just explodes off that line. He
doesn't do much in a way of reading the blocking
pattern. He attacks the line of scrimmage as a
defensive player. McKeska goes tight to the right
side. It is second down and nine. Texas A&M at the
30-yard line of the Razorbacks. I set. Mosley
back. Saxton had him. Walker gets it. 45-yard
line. Jerry Sexton the junior number 47 got there
first and then Jimmy Walker came in and said thanks
for the help I'll take care of it from here on in.
He's unbelievably quick, I'll tell you. What an
aggressive defensive player. Reckless abandon.
He just flings his body all over the place. He's
very intense. He really wants to win the football
game. Mike Mosley has now carried it nine times
backwards for minus 26. Nine for minus 26 for the
sophomore quarterback. It's third down 22 with
11.42 to go in our ballgame. 19-7 Arkansas. Doug
Teague, wide right. that Russ McCaskill is a very
reliable pass catcher and when you're going into
the throats of a prevention zone defense you're
better off to run a crossing pattern after it's
been cleared out by the men on that side and Russ
McCaskill comes through five for ninety six he had
six two weeks ago against A&M six the week before
that against Rice he has become in the last three
weeks the leading wide receiver the leading
receiver timeout
mostly couldn't hear the signals or couldn't call
the signals his lineman and backs couldn't hear
them you think you'll toss it to Dickie around the
corner this time that's what we've been doing
against that stack defense I'll tell you if I had a
big six one two hundred five pound back with nine
three speed I might be tempted to give it to him He's
a reliable ball carry in a clutch situation. See
what Tom Wilson has in mind. Fourth down one.
Dickey is the deep back in the eye. That's David
Brothers, number 32, you see short. Pitch out,
Dickey. Coming right, cutting up. Oh, no. Jim
Elliott, a sophomore, number 79, who had just come
in the lineup, caught Curtis Dickey short of the
first down.
And they love it in Little Rock. It would appear
that Arkansas had the same thought in mind that
there was a number one guy and he's going to be
tossed the ball but they got good penetration
which is kind of the trademark of the Hodge defense
14 plays they come up empty handed 14 play drive no
points first down 10 Razorbacks eleven twenty to
go in the ballgame nineteen seven Arkansas leads
Cal Cagney one yard after the twenty five USC
Southern Cal and UCLA will follow our game live
from the West Coast after the scoreboard show
Prudential College scoreboard at the conclusion
of this game and then perhaps Florida A&M against
Southern. So check the local listing for which
game will be seen in your region of the country.
It's second down seven. We got three on the last
play instead of one. Cal Cagney, that counter lead
option, will keep and gets to the 25-yard line.
Eugene Sanders, number 96, made the stop on Ron Cal
Cagney, the senior from Youngstown, Ohio. Not a
large quarterback. There's Eugene Sanders,
number 96, from New Orleans. Started out at the
University of Washington and transferred down to
Texas A&M. Sat out a year and has been a starter for
three years at College Station. 6'3", 273 pounds.
A huge hump. It's third down eight. See if Cal
Cagney will throw. He will. Four-man rush. No
blitz. They got him. Nailed him at the 16-yard
line. James Zachary, the only member of the Texas
A&M football team who was a part of the cadet corps
at Texas A&M, made the tackle. And they were trying
to throw that dinky delay to Jerry Eckwood coming
out of the backfield, but the linebacker just
locked right onto him, and Cal Cagney had no one to
throw to. There's that your Armstrong once again
he is not ordinarily the punt return specialist
that belongs to Darryl Smith but Smith is not
playing today because of a bruised shoulder lay a
left footed kicker has had a good afternoon and
this is not a bad kick either. Armstrong fumble
I did not see a fair catch signal there was none in
his own man backed into him which made it very
difficult to say the least.
They're going to have a conference about it.
That's Bruce Sutherland number 46 who obviously
can't believe what he's seeing
personal foul interference with the opportunity
to make a fair catch. I didn't see the signal Ben. I
didn't either. But you have to raise your hand
clearly above your head and wave it left to right.
Did you see that.
Or maybe he's just saying interference with the
right to catch the ball. Even you have a you have a
right to catch the ball even if you don't signal for
a fair catch.
There's no fair catch signal but he's got to be up
above his head and waving left to right. I think
that they interfere with his right to catch the
ball which doesn't mean he had to have a fair catch
signal going.
first down 10 at the 40 yard line after the 15 yard
penalty as they call in the hogs again you hear that
noise Mr. Holtz is not too pleased on the sideline
and there is a rumble in the stands that is not the
calling the hogs there's Lou Lou Holtz not very
pleased you don't see that penalty called very
frequently first down 10 Raymond Belcher back in
and pull back for the Aggies. Mosley draw play.
Curtis Dickey. A tough one yard. Larry Jackson,
number 66. Dan Hampton, number 86. And Jerry
Sexton, number 47.
Dickey with 90. There's Larry Jackson. 5'11", 210
pounder. All-conference the last couple of
years. Was a high school receiver, believe it or
not. Second down and nine at the 40-yard line. 913
remaining in the football game. Mosley, up in the
pocket, in trouble, going left, nailed.
William Hampton, senior from Forest City,
Arkansas, number 82 with the containment. And it
will be third down. Vern, I think an interesting
thing about the Arkansas defense is that they get
all that penetration and pressure on a passer
without sending a linebacker. It's all the front
three, four, five people. Think they haven't
gotten Mike Mosley's running number today, huh?
10 for minus 28. He's trying to roll out. Well,
we'll see where Russ McKesker, the tight end,
lines up. He is tight to the right side. High
formation on third and 11 at the 43.
Jimmy Walker chasing Mosley. Mosley at the 36.
I think he probably was looking for Russ McKeska.
Let's see what happened to Russell McKeska
downfield. He definitely looks for him. Number
81, Russ McKeska. He's a great target, runs very
disciplined routes. He's running his underneath
crossing pattern. But the linebackers make the
deep, deep drop, and they're right all over his
case. William Hampton, number 82, with the
coverage. It is fourth down and five. Aggies are
one out of two on fourth down conversions in the
ballgame. Eight and a half to go in this one.
Mosley coming right. Being chased. Pressured
back. Safety blitz was on. Brad Schaaf, number 40,
has him at the 42. Jim Howard picks it up. Brad
Schaaf, senior from Carlisle, Arkansas, was
coming on the safety blitz. And Arkansas takes
over at the 40-yard line. You look at it from right
on the turf. And what a great call. The first really
blitzing move that the Hogs have made. And they
picked the exact right time to do it. The wide side
of the field. They came. Minus 23 yards. Mosley is
minus 45 on 12 carries. Arkansas takes over.
From New York to Chicago.